vsce docs update: file structure overview (#37241)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: client/vscode/src/README.md

# Extension Source Code

This folder contains the source code for the extension.

## Contexts

As detailed in our CONTRIBUTING.md file, this extension runs code in the following execution contexts:

1. Core App

> - The main app where all the commands, webviews, file system, and all otheer components are put together and registered as a single extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The main app where all the commands, webviews, file system, and all other components are put together and registered as a single extension
```

>   - Runs code with Node.js on Desktop clients (e.g., VS Code on Desktop) as a regular extension, or Web Worker on Web clients (e.g., github.dev on browser) as a web extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Runs code with Node.js on Desktop clients (for example, VS Code on Desktop) as a regular extension, or Web Worker on Web clients (for example, github.dev on browser) as a web extension
```

Nit: Latinisms (“e.g.”) that don't match our [style guide](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/company-info-and-process/communication/content_guidelines/style_and_mechanics/#abbreviations-acronyms-latinisms-jargon).

Author: Ohhh that's a good thing to know, thanks @vdavid !!!!

  - Web extension is run in the web extension host in a Browser WebWorker environment, and do not have access to Node.js globals and libraries at runtime

2. Sidebars

- This is the UI for all the sidebars used in the core app
  - Uses the VS Code Webview API to render the webview views in search sidebar, search history sidebar, auth sidebar, and help and feedback sidebar

3. Search Panel

- This is the UI for the extension search homepage and to display search results
  - Uses the VS Code Webview API to render the webview panel for the Sourcegraph search homepage as a distinct editor tab

4. Extension Host

- It processes the code-intel data
  - Uses Web Worker

> 5. Custom File System

Reviewer 2: I'd be really curious to understand why we need that and what exactly this file system is mimicking? Is this because VSCode doesn't come with the concept of virtual files and since we don't have them on file, we have to create our own abstraction for that?

Author: >   Is this because VSCode doesn't come with the concept of virtual files and since we don't have them on file, we have to create our own abstraction for that?

You are correct  I've also updated the wordings, hope it's clear that this is only used for virtual documents
